 The story start with intense moment where 'Alpaca' running the hall of the
Cherryton High School corridor to save his fellow carnivore classmate. Where
calls out all carnivore as a monster for hunting and preying over them
herbivore.   

The news has spread the Cherryton High School about the murder of the 'Alpaca'who identity was later found to be Tem. A student in the Drama club in the
school. There is a tense moment in the club room following the incident and fellow herbivore members accusing their fellow carnivore member for the follow incident as Tem's only carnivore members were from the club. Their argument is interrupted by a blackout caused because of Legoshi (grey wolf) mishandling
the spotlight. A fellow member ask Legoshi about his thought about the
incident as he was a close friend to Tem. Legoshi brushes off the question by saying that Tem might have a lot of regrets as he died unexpected. He ask Els (sheep) a fellow member of the drama club asked her if she is sad about Tem's
death.

Later, in the dressing room the girls were discussing about Legoshi's weird
behaiour in club room. While in the boys' dressing room Legoshi was searching Tem's locker when ask him what he was searching in his locker. He avoid by
saying he lent a book to Tem which he was searching.

In the school courtyard, Els and her friend were walking back to their dorm.
After seperated from her friend, Els remembers that she has forgot her watch
in the club room as return back to find. The club room was pitch dark and
everyone have already, where Legoshi flashed the spotlight her and start
walking toward her. Els frighted walk back and holds a pair of scissor to
protect her. Legoshi pushes her hand easily when a love belongs to Tem falls
of his pocket. The love letter was for Els, whom he could give it. Afterwards,
both Legoshi and Els were sitting on the balcony, explaining Tem was very
secretive about his love and that why Legoshi wanted to give this letter to
Els in private, keeping his friend secret.

Els found Legoshi's nature sweet and apologize for thing she said about him
behind his back, promised to retract. But, Legoshi denies it with saying he
don't want other to know about Tem's first love and he will be fine as he is
used to being think of that way.   
